Your app runs while you're connected.
Production means it runs when you're gone.
Three short steps,
all from your laptop.
Here's the difference.
In development you start the app from
inside the repo over SSH.
Close the session,
and the app dies with it.
In production you launch it detached from
your laptop:
the server owns the process,
your connection doesn't.
Time to start the app in production mode from the
laptop. The deploy command calls
the same up function we used during development, but
it runs detached. Close your laptop
and the app keeps going.
App running in production. Same command, same
result, on the real server.
Now enable autostart so the app survives
a server reboot. From here on, if the
server restarts, this repo comes back
automatically.
Autostart on. The app survives reboots.
Let us list which repositories have autostart
enabled. Confirms our app is in the boot list.
There it is, in the boot list.
And to stop the app, one command from the laptop
. One command up, one command down. All
from your terminal.
Stopped. One command up, one command down.
And that's production mode in a nutshell. See
you in the next one!